Blue Peter's Supercar of the Future Competition is giving YOU the chance to design a unique futuristic car. The winner will have their design brought to life by model makers at the world famous McLaren Technology Centre. You’ll get a VIP tour of McLaren’s HQ to see where they produce their supercars and, as part of the prize, you will be taken for the ride of your life around a UK racetrack in a McLaren Supercar driven by Top Gear’s most famous racing driver, The Stig. All prizes will be undertaken when it is safe to do so. WE'LL SCHEDULE A DATE FOR THE NEXT TIME PROPOSAL. Terms and Conditions BBC Privacy Policy Entering this competition is simple! You should start by downloading and printing the application form by clicking on the 'get this activity' button above. Then follow these instructions: Once you have filled out all the sections of the form, post your application (with the correct postage for a large letter envelope) to: Blue Peter's Supercar of the Future competition, 1st Floor Bridge House, MediaCityUK, Salford, M50 2BH Please make sure you include all four pages of your application and the correct postage for a large letter. We want your entry to be the best it can, so here are some guidelines to think about before you get started: Your car should look stylish but also be practical. MARY HAS TO DELAY THE NEXT MEETING BUT CAN TAKE SOME ACTIONS REGARDLESS. Think about the shape and weight of your car to make sure it is super-efficient on the track. You might want to research into the elements that make up a car (e.g. mirrors, wheels, exhaust, lights) to spark some ideas for how to make them even better! What powers your car? What kind of impact will it have on the environment and how you would generate that energy source? How might it be charged? Are there any other features that could be thought about, like an AI system or sensors? Might it travel in the air, on water, on sand/mud or all of them? And finally, this is your Supercar – so we want to see one outstanding feature on it that makes you proud to have designed it. What makes your idea really unique? Check out this clip from our last competition, when three lucky winners got an exclusive look inside GCHQ headquarters, took part in a puzzle-solving adventure in London and earned their very own Orange Blue Peter badge. You can check out the winners and top 30 designs by clicking here! Click here to check out some of Blue Peter's older competitions. Your trust is very important to us. YOU SHOULD CONSIDER THE NEED TO PARTICIPATE IN THESE ACTIONS. We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. It is important that you read this notice so that you are aware of how and why we are using such information. This privacy notice describes how we collect and use personal information about you during and after your relationship with us, in accordance with data protection law. You can find out more about your information and privacy at: bbc.co.uk/privacy What will we collect and how will we use it? Retaining your personal information Sharing your information Your rights and more information https://ico.org.uk/concerns/